So I've demonstrated and talked a little
bit about the quite complex concept.
Let's dial down a little bit and
start with the linear regression.
So I want to just show you how
programmatically those weights and
biases can be calculated, or
how we can figure them out.
So, what I will do, I will probably
just start the new notebook,
and we'll demonstrate
everything from scratch.
So finally,
we can switch into Python programming.
And right from the beginning,
I don't need TensorFlow from this,
but I will still use it.
I want to show you a couple of
interesting functions in TensorFlow which
can be used even for this simple problem.
But at the same time I
will not try to use built
in functionality of TensorFlow to fit,
I will try to do it manually.
But then in the next exercise, we'll
transition to those helper functions.
So let's imports, by the way,
in Jupyter Notebooks,
pressing Tab is pretty useful command
because it will simply autocomplete or
show you the available options.
So for instance if I type TensorFlow and
then press Tab it will show me
all the available modules currently
installed and available on my machine.
So on let's import tensorflow as tf.
So assuming that some
people who will be watching
this here don't know Python, for
instance are familiar with JavaScript.
So I will be very vocal about
what exactly we're doing.
So import tensorflow as tf
basically means that we will be
importing TensorFlow Python
module into our environment.
So, actually let me turn off header and
toolbar back again.
So now it means that functionality
of TensorFlow is available for
me and I can just type
something like if I execute it.
So by executing,
I just press Shift + Enter, right?
And it execute the current cell and
open the new one for me.
Now I can type tf dot and
just look at all the available methods,
functions, constants, basically everything
what's available in TensorFlow.
Pretty useful functionality
of Jupyter Notebooks
is also to type question mark
after any command or function.
And if you execute the cell,
it will actually bring you the additional
window with the information about
this command or this function.
Well TensorFlow root package, right,
it doesn't really give you
any useful information.
Let's try something else like TensorFlow,
for
instance random.
That's another module, but
if we execute it, a public API for
tf.random namespace, yeah.
Also not useful, random,
let's say we have uniform,
yes, uniform distribution.
So this function is actually
generates random values with
a uniform distribution in
the range between 0 and 1.
So for instance,
if I now just run this function,
I actually got an error, missing one
required positional argument shape.
Aha, so actually if I would
have continue reading the help,
it would say that yes shape is required,
also I can provide additional
parameters to my function call and
shape is just the 1-D integer tenser.
And tensor is just the array or
matrix, right?
So the shape of the output tensor and
actually,
yeah, I don't see any examples here.
But for instance, I can provide something
like this one, that's our tesnsor.
And jut because I'm using TensorFlow, it
will return, the result will be in tenser,
it will be shaped 1, just as I specified.
And the number is just this
random number between 0 and 1.
So now if I just do print for instance,
The values change just because this
function was called once again.
If you're getting anything for
instance, let's see our variable
is cold var and
we will just assign something to it.
We can print and it's gonna lose all
the information about the tensor if
we just do var numpy.
And now I have to explain
kind of what is TensorFlow,
what is numpy, and
how they relate to each other.
But basically this command
will transform any
tensor representation to
NumPy representation and
NumPy, or numeric package is the.
Just the way the classical
representation how the data is stored,
so it's just gonna be your fault number.